Update ome-faq.md (#3542)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/ome-faq.md

  
## What email client do I need to use in order to create an OME encrypted message? What applications are supported for sending protected messages?

> You can create protected messages from Outlook 2016, and Outlook 2013 for Windows and Mac, and from Outlook on the web. See [client details](https://support.microsoft.com/office/send-view-and-reply-to-encrypted-messages-in-outlook-for-pc-eaa43495-9bbb-4fca-922a-df90dee51980?ui=en-us&rs=en-us&ad=us) on sending encrypted messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create protected messages from Outlook 2016, Outlook 2013 for Windows and Mac, and from Outlook on the web. For more information on sending encrypted messages, see [Send, view, and reply to encrypted messages in Outlook for PC](https://support.microsoft.com/office/send-view-and-reply-to-encrypted-messages-in-outlook-for-pc-eaa43495-9bbb-4fca-922a-df90dee51980?ui=en-us&rs=en-us&ad=us).
```
